updated example code for sarif upload (#117)
bridgecrewio/checkov-action: README.md

## Example usage for IaC and SCA

```yaml
name: checkov

# Controls when the workflow will run
on:
  # Triggers the workflow on push or pull request events but only for the "main" branch
  push:
    branches: [ "main", "master" ]
  pull_request:
    branches: [ "main", "master" ]

  # Allows you to run this workflow manually from the Actions tab

>   workflow_dispatch:

Reviewer: I'd cut this as it's just a GHA mechanism

Reviewer 2: let's leave it to make it easier for users to adapt and understand what this config does, even it has nothing to do with our action

# A workflow run is made up of one or more jobs that can run sequentially or in parallel
jobs:
  # This workflow contains a single job called "scan"
  scan:
    permissions:
      contents: read # for actions/checkout to fetch code
      security-events: write # for github/codeql-action/upload-sarif to upload SARIF results
      actions: read # only required for a private repository by github/codeql-action/upload-sarif to get the Action run status
      
    # The type of runner that the job will run on
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    # Steps represent a sequence of tasks that will be executed as part of the job
    steps:

>       # Checks-out your repository under $GITHUB_WORKSPACE, so your job can access it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      # Checks-out your repository under $GITHUB_WORKSPACE, so follow-up steps can access it
```

      - uses: actions/checkout@v3

      - name: Checkov GitHub Action

>         uses: bridgecrewio/checkov-action@master

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        uses: bridgecrewio/checkov-action@v12
```
would be great, if you can also adjust this 😄

      # Checks-out your repository under $GITHUB_WORKSPACE, so your job can access it
      - uses: actions/checkout@v3

      - name: Run Checkov action
        id: checkov
        uses: bridgecrewio/checkov-action@master
      - name: Checkov GitHub Action
        uses: bridgecrewio/bridgecrew-action@master
        
      - name: Upload SARIF file
        uses: github/codeql-action/upload-sarif@v2
        
        # Results are generated only on a success or failure
        # this is required since GitHub by default won't run the next step
        # when the previous one has failed. Security checks that do not pass will 'fail'.
        # An alternative is to add `continue-on-error: true` to the previous step
        # Or 'soft_fail: true' to checkov.
        if: success() || failure()
        with:

>           directory: example/

Reviewer: Why delete these? They're helpful to understand the options

Author: I removed these in first example in order for the snippet to be functional "out of the box" with direct copy/paste. Also why I highlighted the next section as example of using 'with' block

Reviewer: The next section is specifically image scanning that has a different syntax. You could add a third for a copy/paste ready example if that's the intention

Author: added as third example (top of page), left original two in-tact

Reviewer: Looks good!

> ## Example usage for container images and 'with' block

Author: only added the emphasis since I removed 'with' block in previous example. I can revert these changes and include 'with' in first example if that makes more sense

> ## Example usage for container images and 'with' block

Reviewer: Same comment as above. This is for image scanning not to show a different method.
